Hello and welcome to level two of our self-driving car A-game.
All right.
Are you ready to take level 2.
Are you excited.
Well me too.
Let's do this.
As you can notice I just quit the application but that's not a problem because we saved the last brain
so we're going to go back to the app and load the last brain and this will have the last weight of the
neural networks like you know it will have the last Sinapis of the brain.
So it will already know how to do the round trips between the airport and the downtown.
But now we're taking on the challenge of passing level 2.
So as a reminder Level two is to still do the round trips.
But by staying on a specific road that we will draw ourselves right now in the Statoil.
So let's see if it can do that.
Let's make this road simple because then remember that Level 4 is a highly complicated road.
So for now that still be nice with our self-driving car.
All right let's do this.
It's already selected and going to select that over again.
And let's try to beat level 2.
There we go.
It's doing the weird spinning for us but that's because I didn't know that.
Let's load the brain and there we go.
Now it should be OK.
Yes it is.
It's doing the round trips between the airport.
There we go.
And now to downtown.
It's going into the downtown and perfect and now doing the other round trips.
All right.
So that's level one.
And now let's take care of level two.
So I'm going to draw a road something like this so let me think what to draw.
It has to be simple.
So what about what about something like this.
I told you I'm not a very good architect.
But I am trying to do something not too difficult.
Something like that.
What do you think.
All right.
So that's the other order of the road.
No something like this.
And there we go.
All right.
Pretty good.
Well that's a classic road but OK.
So it's in the road.
Perfect.
And so now the challenge is not to cross some sand.
So here we go.
First mistake.
But it's going to learn from this mistake and try not to do it again.
If we actually save the brain we can see the mistake probably.
Yes.
If we look at here well we see the mistakes it made here.
That's where it crossed some sand probably.
So there we go.
Right now it's on the road and it's reaching the goals.
Right now it just reached the downtown and going back on the road to reach the airport.
There we go.
Perfect Job well done.
So it seems that level 2 is passed already.
Didn't take much time to do the training.
So that's great.
That's great.
We can take it to the next level now.
Yes indeed.
The round trips looks perfect.
We can still send some bit of hesitation.
Maybe we can still increase the temperature.
But you know it's reaching the goals and staying on the road.
It's not crossing any sense.
So that's definitely a self-driving car.
So pretty exciting but now I want to make it more difficult for the self-driving car.
We want to take it to level three which will.
Oh here we go.
A mistake.
Sorry about that.
I thought it was already one game.
But you know it can still make some mistake actually.
We say you can probably see a constant war.
Close to 0.1.
There we go.
And that's probably the mistake.
But anyway it's doing a great job right now.
So we will take it to level 3 and level three will be to draw some obstacles but some difficult obstacles
to the car and the car will have to find its way to the downtown in the airport by avoiding the obstacles.
So it will be obstacles full of sand of course but it will have to avoid them and finally goes the airport
and the downtown.
So let's see if we can do that.
And until next time enjoy.
I.